= emr_workbench

EMR workbench is a command line tool to facilitate creating and configuring Hadoop mapreduce applications locally and running on Amazon Webservices' Hadoop service. Convention is preferred over configuration but various manifest files can be used to influence behavior.

Uses Hadoop streaming scripts only. They can be written in Bash, Ruby, Python, Etc.

== Directory structure

  --project
  manifest.yml
  |  --data
    (data_manifest.yml)
  |  --scripts
    (scripts_manifest.yml)

== CLI Commands

  example              Generates the canonical 'Wordcount' example job for EMR                
  generate             Generates structure for workbench              
  help                 Display global or [command] help documentation.                
  start                Starts a job with the current directory's data and scripts     

== Running the example

Generate the example app:

  emr_workbench example

Run the example app:

  cd wordcount_example/
  emr_workbench start
  
== Contributing to emr_workbench
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Ian Morgan. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

